[rum] Add command for upload of certain Unity symbol files (#1153)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/unity-symbols/README.md

## Overview

> To deobfuscate and symbolicate errors and crashes, upload IL2CPP mappings and iOS dSYMs to Datadog.

Reviewer: Can you add this new command in the main README as well?

(In the usage section: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci?tab=readme-ov-file#usage)

Reviewer: @fuzzybinary and also add the command to the `CODEOWNERS` file 😉

## Setup

You need to have `DATADOG_API_KEY` in your environment.

```bash
# Environment setup
export DATADOG_API_KEY="<API KEY>"
```

You can configure the tool to use Datadog EU by defining the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable as `datadoghq.eu`. By default, the requests are sent to Datadog US.

To make these variables available, Datadog recommends setting them in an encrypted `datadog-ci.json` file at the root of your project:

```json
{
  "apiKey": "<DATADOG_API_KEY>",
  "datadogSite": "<DATADOG_SITE>"
}
```

To override the full URL for the intake endpoint, define the `DATADOG_SOURCEMAP_INTAKE_URL` environment variable.

## Commands

### `upload`

This command uploads your IL2CPP mapping file and iOS dSYMs to Datadog in order to deobfuscate and symbolicate your application's stack traces on iOS. Note that

> Android symbol files, Proguard mapping files, and IL2CPP mapping are handled by the [Datadog Android Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Android symbol files, Proguard mapping files, and IL2CPP mapping are handled by the [Datadog Android Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin).
```

> After performing an iOS build, the Datadog Unity SDK will copy all required files to you build output directory under `datadogSymbols`. You should then be able to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After performing an iOS build, the Datadog Unity SDK will copy all required files to your build output directory under `datadogSymbols`. You should then be able to
```

> After performing an iOS build, the Datadog Unity SDK will copy all required files to you build output directory under `datadogSymbols`. You should then be able to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After performing an iOS build, the Datadog Unity SDK copies all required files to you build output directory under `datadogSymbols`. You are then able to
```

run the following command to upload all the necessary files:

```bash

> datadog-ci unity-symbols upload --service-name com.companyname.application --symbols-locaion datadogSymbols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datadog-ci unity-symbols upload --service-name com.companyname.application --symbols-location datadogSymbols
```

```

| Parameter | Condition | Description |
|-----------|-----------|-------------|
| `--symbols-location`  | Optional  | The location of of your dSYMs, `build_id` and `LineNumberMappings.json` file.  Defaults to `datadogSymbols`. |

> | `--dry-run` | Optional | It runs the command without the final step of uploading. All other checks are performed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--dry-run` | Optional | Run the command without the final step of uploading. All other checks are performed. |
```

> | `--max-concurrency` | Optional | The number of concurrent upload to the API. Defaults to 20. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--max-concurrency` | Optional | The number of concurrent uploads to the API. Defaults to 20. |
```

> | `--disable-git`    | Optional | Prevents the command from invoking git in the current working directory and sending repository-related data to Datadog (such as the hash, remote URL, and paths within the repository of sources referenced in the source map). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--disable-git`    | Optional | Prevents the command from invoking Git in the current working directory and sending repository-related data to Datadog (such as the hash, remote URL, and paths within the repository of sources referenced in the source map). |
```
